now Boas went up to the
now Boas went up to the and sat down there and behold the close
and sat down there and behold the close
and sat down there and behold the close relative of whom Boas had spoken came by
relative of whom Boas had spoken came by
relative of whom Boas had spoken came by come aside friend sit down here so he
come aside friend sit down here so he
come aside friend sit down here so he came aside and sat down and he took ten
came aside and sat down and he took ten
came aside and sat down and he took ten men of the elders of the city sit down
men of the elders of the city sit down
men of the elders of the city sit down here so they sat down Naomi who has come
here so they sat down Naomi who has come
here so they sat down Naomi who has come back from the country of Moab sold the
back from the country of Moab sold the
back from the country of Moab sold the piece of land which belonged to our
piece of land which belonged to our
piece of land which belonged to our brother Elimelech and i thought to
brother Elimelech and i thought to
brother Elimelech and i thought to inform you saying buy it back in the
inform you saying buy it back in the
inform you saying buy it back in the presence of the inhabitants and the
presence of the inhabitants and the
presence of the inhabitants and the elders of my people if you will redeem
elders of my people if you will redeem
elders of my people if you will redeem it redeem it but if you will not redeem
it redeem it but if you will not redeem
it redeem it but if you will not redeem it then tell me that I may know for
it then tell me that I may know for
it then tell me that I may know for there is no one but you to redeem it and
there is no one but you to redeem it and
there is no one but you to redeem it and I am next after you I will redeem it on
I am next after you I will redeem it on
I am next after you I will redeem it on the day you buy the field from the hand
the day you buy the field from the hand
the day you buy the field from the hand of Naomi
of Naomi
of Naomi you must also buy it from ruth the
you must also buy it from ruth the
you must also buy it from ruth the moabite as' the wife of the dead to
moabite as' the wife of the dead to
moabite as' the wife of the dead to perpetuate the name of the dead through
perpetuate the name of the dead through
perpetuate the name of the dead through his inheritance i cannot redeem it for
his inheritance i cannot redeem it for
his inheritance i cannot redeem it for myself
myself
myself lest I ruined my own inheritance you
lest I ruined my own inheritance you
lest I ruined my own inheritance you redeem my right of redemption for
redeem my right of redemption for
redeem my right of redemption for yourself for I cannot redeem it now this
yourself for I cannot redeem it now this
yourself for I cannot redeem it now this was the custom in former times in Israel
was the custom in former times in Israel
was the custom in former times in Israel concerning redeeming and exchanging to
concerning redeeming and exchanging to
concerning redeeming and exchanging to confirm anything one man took off his
confirm anything one man took off his
confirm anything one man took off his sandal and gave it to the other and this
sandal and gave it to the other and this
sandal and gave it to the other and this was a confirmation in Israel therefore
was a confirmation in Israel therefore
was a confirmation in Israel therefore the close relatives said to Boaz buy it
the close relatives said to Boaz buy it
the close relatives said to Boaz buy it for yourself so he took off his sandal
for yourself so he took off his sandal
for yourself so he took off his sandal and Boaz said to the elders and all the
and Boaz said to the elders and all the
and Boaz said to the elders and all the people you are witnesses this day that I
people you are witnesses this day that I
people you are witnesses this day that I have bought all that was Elimelech and
have bought all that was Elimelech and
have bought all that was Elimelech and all that was Killians and Malins from
all that was Killians and Malins from
all that was Killians and Malins from the hand of Naomi
the hand of Naomi
the hand of Naomi moreover ruth the moabite as' the widow
moreover ruth the moabite as' the widow
moreover ruth the moabite as' the widow of Mahlon I have acquired as my wife to
of Mahlon I have acquired as my wife to
of Mahlon I have acquired as my wife to perpetuate the name of the Dead through
perpetuate the name of the Dead through
perpetuate the name of the Dead through his inheritance that the name of the
his inheritance that the name of the
his inheritance that the name of the Dead may not be cut off from among his
Dead may not be cut off from among his
Dead may not be cut off from among his brethren and from his position at the
brethren and from his position at the
brethren and from his position at the gate you are witnesses this day
gate you are witnesses this day
gate you are witnesses this day we are witnesses the Lord make the woman
we are witnesses the Lord make the woman
we are witnesses the Lord make the woman who is coming to your house like Rachel
who is coming to your house like Rachel
who is coming to your house like Rachel and Leah the two who built the house of
and Leah the two who built the house of
and Leah the two who built the house of Israel and may you prosper in Ephrata
Israel and may you prosper in Ephrata
Israel and may you prosper in Ephrata and be famous in Bethlehem may your
and be famous in Bethlehem may your
and be famous in Bethlehem may your house
house
house be like the house of Perez whom Tamar
be like the house of Perez whom Tamar
be like the house of Perez whom Tamar bore to Judah because of the offspring
bore to Judah because of the offspring
bore to Judah because of the offspring which the Lord will give you from this
which the Lord will give you from this
which the Lord will give you from this young woman so boaz took ruth and she
young woman so boaz took ruth and she
young woman so boaz took ruth and she became his wife and when he went into
became his wife and when he went into
became his wife and when he went into her the Lord gave her conception and she
her the Lord gave her conception and she
her the Lord gave her conception and she bore a son then the women said to Naomi
bore a son then the women said to Naomi
bore a son then the women said to Naomi blessed be the Lord who was not left you
blessed be the Lord who was not left you
blessed be the Lord who was not left you this day without a close relative and
this day without a close relative and
this day without a close relative and may his name be famous in Israel and may
may his name be famous in Israel and may
may his name be famous in Israel and may he be to you a restorer of life and a
he be to you a restorer of life and a
he be to you a restorer of life and a nourisher of your old age for your
nourisher of your old age for your
nourisher of your old age for your daughter-in-law who loves you who is
daughter-in-law who loves you who is
daughter-in-law who loves you who is better to you than seven sons
better to you than seven sons
better to you than seven sons has borne him benami took the child and
has borne him benami took the child and
has borne him benami took the child and laid him on her bosom and became a nurse
laid him on her bosom and became a nurse
laid him on her bosom and became a nurse to him also the neighbor women gave him
to him also the neighbor women gave him
to him also the neighbor women gave him a name there is a son born
a name there is a son born
a name there is a son born yummy and they called his name oh beard
yummy and they called his name oh beard
yummy and they called his name oh beard he is the father of Jesse the father of
he is the father of Jesse the father of
he is the father of Jesse the father of David
David
David [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now this is the genealogy of Pires Pires
now this is the genealogy of Pires Pires
now this is the genealogy of Pires Pires begat hezron hezron begat ROM and RAM
begat hezron hezron begat ROM and RAM
begat hezron hezron begat ROM and RAM begat Aminata amoled AB begat naasson
begat Aminata amoled AB begat naasson
begat Aminata amoled AB begat naasson and naasson begat Salma Salman begat
and naasson begat Salma Salman begat
and naasson begat Salma Salman begat Boaz and Boaz begat obed Obed begat
Boaz and Boaz begat obed Obed begat
Boaz and Boaz begat obed Obed begat Jesse and Jesse begat David
Jesse and Jesse begat David
Jesse and Jesse begat David [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you